Upstream 7.33.x PR for BXMSDOC-7526: [DDF] An example of how to use the GIVEN tab of test scenarios. (#3900)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/AuthoringAssets/test-scenarios-background-instance-con.adoc

In test scenario designer, you can use the *Background* tab to add and set the background data for rules-based as well as DMN based test scenarios. You can add and define the GIVEN data which is common for the entire test scenario simulation, based on the available data objects. *Background* tab has the ability to add and share the data among every test scenario. Data added using the *Background* tab can not be overridden by *Model* tab data.

> For example, if the test scenario example requires the same value for the person `Age` in all test scenarios, you can define the `Age` value in the *Background* page and exclude that column from the test scenario table template. In this case, the `Age` is set to `25` for all test scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the test scenario example requires the same value for the person's `Age` in all test scenarios, you can define the `Age` value in the *Background* page and exclude that column from the test scenario table template. In this case, the `Age` is `25` for all test scenarios.
```
Removed passive voice and pluralised "person".

Author: Added your suggetsions. Thank you!
